(Episode 4)
(Byun Hyuk, second son of Gangsu, appeared voluntarily)
Why did you appear voluntarily after hiding away?
Do you admit the charges of attacking the co-pilot?
Did you sexually harass the flight attendant?
Did you lobby the prosecution to cover up the incident?
Where were you?
Did you consult this with Gangsu?
Are you here with your lawyer?
He's that young man.
What?
(Byun Hyuk, second son of Gangsu, appeared voluntarily)
Mr. Byun, please say something.
Everything is...
my fault.
(Byun Hyuk, second son of Gangsu, appeared voluntarily)
- How do you feel right now? - Where were you?
- Where is your lawyer? - Does Gangsu approve of this?
Thanks for coming out here.
Let's have one more session of taking photos.
- What? - A photo session?
- What is he talking about? - A photo session?
- What? - Is he crazy?
- Does he think it's a red carpet? - What does he mean?
Is this a photo zone?
That's enough. Thank you.
- How do you feel? - Where were you?
- Does Gangsu know about this? - Do you admit your charges?
- Mr. Byun. - Please say something.
- How do you feel? - Where's your lawyer?
Please look this way.
Excuse me.
Byun Hyuk, the second son of Gangsu Group,
admitted himself voluntarily to the prosecution after he went missing.
There was suspicion that the prosecution was trying...
cover up his case, which is being watched with keen interest.
How could he not tell me anything?
June.
To tell you the truth...
Last night...
Gangsu Group hasn't issued an official statement...
when the reporters asked whether this sudden voluntary appearance...
was pre-consulted.
- Mr. Chairman, can I have a word? - You can't go in.
- You can't go in. - Move.
- Please. - They were in the spotlight.
- Gangsu. - From this incident,
- What is going on? - Gangsu has become controversial.
- Why is Hyuk doing this? - Because of this, people are...
- interested in the outcome. - Is this your plan?
He has broken away from customs...
of conglomerates covering up controversies and not be punished.
Do you know how much the stock prices collapsed?
You should have told us before this happened.
Do you want to see our stock prices hit rock bottom?
The shaman said...
that Hyuk will become a great figure.
He said he will do something great and bring success to our company.
Even if he's destined to do great things,
he can't do anything without help.
Please give Hyuk a chance.
Even if our child is thickheaded,
it's our duty as parents to help him and give him a chance.
I can't believe this.
What will you do now?
Gang Su.
Can't you hear us?
It's me, Gang Su.
You know,
I was going to close the case after the indictment was suspended.
That's what I've already reported to my superior.
How can you stab me in the back like this?
It's been less than an hour. How can you reverse the situation?
Have you decided to make me get blamed?
No, that's not true.
That idiot did that on his own judgment.
Now I understand, Mr. Byun.
You don't have any internal control.
Do you think you can plan a big enterprise in this way?
Now that it's already like this, investigate and make him punished.
You don't have to make favorable arrangements.
Are you ordering me an investigation now?
I won't have a talk with you again regarding this matter, Mr. Byun.
I'm sorry.
Hello. Good morning.
How are you?
Are you drinking it all right, sir?
- Thanks. - Thank you.
Have you seen the news?
- I heard that he appeared. - Yes, that spoiled brat.
Did you see his face? He looks like a lady's man.
- He looks like a pervert. - Look at his face.
To tell you the truth,
Byun Hyuk came to see me last night.
I thought the agreement was settled when you received the money.
I was so careless.
I sincerely apologize.
Hyuk did that?
He said he had awakened thanks to you.
He said you were the making of him, June.
Then what will happen to the second son?
What else can happen?
He will go to jail.
- Oh my! - As he had run away before,
he will be sentenced, I suppose.
I feel pity for him. It's getting cold these days.
He had awakened thanks to me?
Did he turn himself in because of me?
I can't believe it.
What will happen to Hyuk?
Gosh, why do I have to worry about him?
He's still a third-generation conglomerate.
His dad is a chairman. His dad will do something for him.
With money and lawyers, he'll be put on probation...
as usual.
That's what will happen.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You should have controlled this matter, Manger Kwon.
You should have reported to me earlier what Hyuk would do.
I had no idea Hyuk would do such a thing.
I'm really sorry.
The third person who took Hyuk in.
Who is it?
What's going on? You're hiding too many things.
Manager Kwon, by any chance...
are you and Hyuk up to something that I don't know?
Up to something?
What do you mean?
He hasn't appeared by himself before.
And now he's doing it. I'm confused.
Is there something I don't know between you two?
There's a friend...
who just provided room and board to Hyuk...
without knowing who Hyuk is.
That person has nothing to do with this case.
I trust you.
You know what I mean, don't you?
Yes, I do.
Do you...
trust me?
Manager Kwon, I found out the IP address that first leaked the video.
I was first mistaken that it was a foreign IP address.
But you know I'm good. I finally got it right.
It was the management support director's office.
(Director Byun Woo Sung)
Of course...
I trust you.
After Hyuk's case is settled all right,
I'll send you to the planning office.
You should not waste your talent anymore.
Don't you think so?
I don't know what you mean...
He committed it himself.
Let him take responsibility.
Prosecutor! Aren't you going to investigate?
You surprised me. Stay quiet!
It's scarier before you get hit than when you get hit.
You're taking too much time.
Who's taking time?
You're talking nonsense.
Do you think a prosecutor's investigation is that simple?
By the way, am I not...
going to wear handcuffs?
- What? - Do I go to jail right after this?
How big is the cell? I don't want to stay alone.
Can you put me somewhere with many people, if possible?
I can't stand being bored.
My friend!
There's no one here. You can let go of me.
The elder son said to leave him as being wanted.
The younger one suddenly appears and wants to be investigated.
Doing this way and that way, are you kidding me now?
I came here because you might be misunderstood.
It's not what you think, so prosecute him.
Gosh. In here, Gangsu scholarship students...
There are so many Gangsu scholarship students here.
If you're not going to arrest all of them, we should work in cahoots.
Hyuk, that punk, is ignoring the chairman's order...
and doing this on his own.
So the company has decided to withdraw from this case.
Are you sure?
Okay.
Since it has come to this, I'll take care of this by the rules.
Don't tell me to return what I've already received.
Je Hoon!
You're the only one who will come for me.
What do you think you're doing?
Did you see it? I looked awesome when I appeared before prosecution.
What does June say?
How can you say such a thing in this situation?
I don't know.
I don't want to keep hiding as I don't want June to see me like that.
Avoiding responsibility with money,
"All mighty is the dollar", and so on.
It's embarrassing.
A man should take responsibility for himself, that's what I thought.
Do you have any measures?
No, I don't.
What shall I do, my friend?
What else can you do?
You should be investigated.
Let's start now.
Sit down, please.
- Je Hoon, please. - Good luck.
Je Hoon, please.
Don't leave me alone. I'm scared.
You should leave now.
No one is allowed here except for his lawyer.
Did you hear that?
He says I should leave now.
Je Hoon!
Who are you?
You must be prosecutor Hwang Myoung Soo.
We're lawyers who are in charge of Byun Hyuk's defense.
Lawyers?
Who asked you to defend his case?
Chairman Byun Gang Su called our law firm himself.
My dad did that?
Come on.
You tell me to take care of this by the rules and send five lawyers?
What's going on here?
Chae Ri caused the tragedy that day.
(Name: Byun Hyuk)
(Occupation: Jobless)
I was in shock because she stood me up.
So I had three glasses of whisky.
You said that earlier.
Did I say that I didn't eat anything that day?
It's not important.
Why is it not important?
I'm telling you how dizzy I was that day.
It's important.
Go on.
Anyway, the moment I stood up, the plane hit severe turbulence.
I thought I should grab something to keep my balance while staggering.
And you grabbed the flight attendant's breasts?
Exactly.
Then why did you hit the co-pilot who was trying to stop you?
That happened unfortunately while I was struggling not to fall down.
That was the worst turbulence I had ever experienced.
It didn't seem like the turbulence was severe in the video clip.
Your sexual harassment seemed very intentional too.
If you judge only by watching the video,
it's very unfair and resentful for me.
Do you have any witness who can testify for you?
I don't have a witness,
but I personally know that flight attendant.
The flight attendant?
The victim?
She wasn't originally my acquaintance,
but we happened to run into each other again after that incident.
Anyway, after going through trouble,
I sincerely apologized,
and she accepted my apology too.
Are you saying you settled with her?
We did come to some kind of an agreement.
If you left a written agreement, this case might be extenuated.
We did have a written agreement.
But due to a misunderstanding,
she tore it to pieces.
What do you mean, misunderstanding?
I happened to grab her breasts again.
- Goodness. - Gosh!
So you're a habitual offender.
It's not that.
Let me go.
Actually, my dad...
told me to stay in hiding instead of confessing.
- Come on! - Goodness.
- No. - Gosh.
This is ridiculous.
You can't talk so recklessly in front of a prosecutor.
Will you make me press charges against Chairman Byun too?
From this moment on, he'll remain silent.
This will only make me a jerk.
I said I'd explain everything.
He told me not to confess and to hide somewhere.
- Goodness. - He told me to lay low.
Please be quiet.
What are you going to do now?
What do you mean?
There are so many people watching.
I have to at least act like I'm investigating this thoroughly.
You better explain things well...
to the chairman.
What did I do so wrong?
This is ridiculous.
Goodness. What...
You'll be questioned as a testifier?
I got a call from the prosecution just a while ago.
They want me to come tomorrow morning.
What should I do?
I think I'm a bit scared, June.
They want you to come for the investigation.
What?
Okay.
Yeon Hee.
What brings you here?
I was told to come for a questioning as a testifier.
A testifier?
I'll testify what happened that day honestly.
Bye.
Did the investigation on the victim end?
What did she say?
Did Yeon Hee say she'd sue me?
Is this the end?
Do I...
need to be sent to prison now?
We'll have to see what Prosecutor Hwang will do,
but things might be solved more easily than we expected.
How?
She testified that it was an accident...
that happened due to the severe turbulence...
and that the video was filmed wrong.
Yeon Hee did?
Did she really testify that?
It's too soon to be relieved...
until the airline announces its official position.
But you're free to go for today.
Awesome. Are you sure about this?
Let's go.
The chairman is waiting.
Wait.
Don't tell June...
that we hired five attorneys to defend me.
- What? - Tell her how much I struggled...
to reveal the truth...
and that I participated...
the investigation earnestly...
without fearing any punishment.
Please tell her that.
I'm asking you.
Did you really come here for June?
To win her favor?
I told you many times already. I did.
The company has become a total chaos because of you,
and you did this reckless thing for a girl?
She isn't just a girl.
She's June.
My life has changed after I met June.
- Did you admit to your charges? - Why are you free?
How much did you talk about this with your father?
- How do you feel now? - Please say a word.
Please say a word.
June.
June. What?
Who are you? Let me go.
Let me go. Let go!
It's the chairman's order. Don't resist and come with us.
No, I'll go to June.
June. Yes, you. June!
June.
Don't take photos. June!
Don't take pictures!
You saw me, right? June.
June.
Stop the car. June.
June... June.
June.
What will happen to him now?
Things went well thanks to you.
If he gets dragged away like that,
won't he get beaten up by his dad again?
That's what he has to bear.
That's the world which he's living in.
You're right.
Hyuk's going back to where he originally belongs.
Are you...
worrying about Hyuk?
Why would I worry about a third-generation conglomerate?
Then why are you here?
- June! - Hi.
- Let's go now. - Yes, let's go.
Why would I worry about that punk? That's ridiculous.
What? What happened?
It's nothing.
- Was the questioning tiring? - It was terrible.
Why did someone like you have to appear in my life?
Why did you have to step in my life and ruin everything?
Did I...
ruin your life?
Please,
go back to your world.
Don't make others suffer because of you,
and just get lost!
I want to become a flower to you.
I want to become...
and unforgettable gesture to you.
June!
June! Stop the car! June!
Have a good life, third-generation conglomerate.
So you're saying that the second son of Gangsu Group...
Chairman Byun Gang Su's son, Byun Hyuk...
Is that Byun guy...
who carried bricks and gukbap with us?
Have you gone blind due to shock?
You saw his face on the news!
That Byun guy who threw a brick at Chairman Min.
That Byun guy is him.
What did he say about the dandelion seeds?
I can't believe it.
June, how could you?
I felt sorry that you work here at such a young age and treated well.
And you think you got us wrapped around your finger and deceive us?
I'm sorry.
That's enough. June wouldn't do such a thing with bad intentions.
I guess she had her own reasons.
I think Ms. An didn't say anything wrong.
If we had known that he had a rich dad who can have is back,
we wouldn't have interfered...
even when he was dragged to the police. Don't you think so?
Because we stood up for him,
we got fired. Look at us now. What a state we are in!
Nothing's going to happen if we stay here.
We'd better visit Chairman Byun Gang Su!
- What? - You know,
we ended up like this trying to help his son.
He would compensate us for our damage.
Let's go. June, lead the way.
Ki Seob, let's go and get compensation for damages. Go.
Hurry. Let's go now! Hurry!
What can I do? I don't even know where he lives.
Everyone in Korea knows where Chairman Byun Gang Su lives.
Let's go.
Goodness.
What shall I do?
It hurts! Let me go! Gosh, seriously!
I said it hurts! Let go of me!
I'm sorry.
You did a good job.
- Pardon? - If you want to live that way,
go ahead.
Thank you for sending the lawyers.
I didn't do it to save you.
I did it to protect the company.
Sure. The company comes first, Dad.
You'll be soon acquitted and not be indicted.
You can now live as you like.
Thank you, Dad.
- You can leave. - Okay, then.
Where are you going?
You told me to leave.
- I told you to go out. - Pardon?
If you have decided to live as you like, of your own will,
you should go out.
I don't know what you mean...
I guess you prepared for your end when you went against me.
From now on, there won't be any support for you.
Let's see how long you can stand...
without being Byun Gang Su's son. You can live as you like!
Dad, you're not kicking me out now, are you?
Yes, I am kicking you out.
Dad, still,
don't do this to me. I just came back from the prosecutor's office!
You're right.
I shouldn't kick you out like this.
Leave everything I gave you.
The clothes you're wearing, watch, shoes,
everything you have on!
- Everything! - What?
Take off everything from him!
Everything!
- Yes! - Dad!
Let me go. Stop it!
I'm watching you. Mom, help me!
Dad! Dad.
Dad! This is not right.
Dad, Dad!
Get out now!
Dad!
Mom, this is not right.
This is not right.
If anyone gives him even a piece of clothing,
I will kick that person out of my house!
Dad! Mom!
This is not right!
This is...
Mom!
Help me, Mom! Help me!
This is a crime!
Master Byun.
Where are you?
Mr. Kwon?
- Master Byun. - Yes.
- You should take this. - Okay.
This is the only thing I can do for you.
It's better than nothing. Thank you.
By the way,
how long do I have to wait?
Shall I wait 5 minutes? Or 10 minutes?
Would my dad's anger melt away after that?
- You mean after five minutes? - Yes.
If you don't get lost now,
the chairman will shoot you with a crossbow.
Master Byun.
I'm sorry I couldn't protect you.
On that day, just like that,
I was thrown out to the world that I didn't know.
I thought it was like a trip I could come back shortly,
but I had no idea then.
Once a matrix is broken,
you can never come back to it.
I cannot go back...
to whom I was before I took the red pill.
Hey.
Oh, my.
He's like a statue.
We've been circling this neighborhood.
Is this the right place?
Wait a minute. This is accurate.
(Byun Hyuk's house)
My vision is blurry these days. I don't know where it is.
That's right. The young person should lead us.
I'll go first.
This place is really nice.
Where does one house start and end?
Mr. Kim.
- What's wrong? - Are you okay?
- Why? - What happened?
- What's wrong. - Hurry, over there.
Hurry. He's there.
You pervert.
That punk.
That pervert.
- Grab him. - He's running away.
That's not what happened.
- Stop. - You jerk.
- Get him. - Stop, you punk.
- Stop right there. - He's running away.
- Stop. - Don't follow me.
Stop.
Don't follow me.
- Don't come. - That's not what happened.
- Wait a minute. - Stop.
Don't come this way.
Hey.
You punk.
- Stop right there. - Get him.
- You're in big trouble. - Stop.
I'm going to get you.
- Don't come here. - Stop.
You pervert.
- Get him. - Hey.
Follow him.
- He's stopping. - Oh, my.
- Oh, my. - Get him.
Gosh.
- Oh, my. - Oh, my.
I got you, you pervert.
Mr. Kim.
What?
Byun?
- Byun? - Byun?
[VIU Ver] E04 Revolutionary Love ""
-= Ruo Xi =-
Goodness.
Even so,
how could he throw you out naked?
Are you adopted?
Or is your dad not your biological parent?
My family doesn't have any secrets regarding birth.
I bought some clothes. Look.
Thank you.
June.
Please try not to look...
at me from the front.
Okay.
Why are you all here?
We're here because of you and the chairman...
Why?
We just happened to come here.
It's no use now.
No use?
Let's go buy some clothes first.
Let's do that.
Here.
Wear some underwear first.
Thank you.
I also bought something for you.
It won't fit me.
- Give it to your mother. - That's useless.
It's over there.
- Pick, they're 5 and 10 dollars. - There is a lot here.
There's one for everyone.
- Pick something. - How about this one?
What about this one?
This pattern doesn't fit my fashion philosophy.
Don't you have anything more intelligent and elegant?
What about this one?
No, I want something trendier with monochromatic check...
and a sportier design.
- What is he talking about? - What is he talking about?
You're not in the position to choose.
He's really picky.
If you really want something else, come inside then.
There are a lot of elegant clothes inside.
- Come inside. - Really?
What's wrong with these?
How is it? Isn't this cool?
Is this monochromatic...
and sporty?
Is this the intelligent fashion trend of 2017 for goalkeepers?
As long as you're happy.
This suits my taste perfectly.
Gosh.
June knows fashion.
I'm hungry. Let's eat something.
Do you want to? What should we eat?
Me. I want to eat that.
That.
It feels like this sweet and mysterious taste will even warm...
the bottom of my soul.
You're exaggerating about a six dollar gukbap. Just eat.
- Let's eat. - Let's eat.
Wait a minute.
Where were you?
I can't believe this.
Here. Eat this first.
You need to eat this first...
when you come back from places like that.
We're giving this to you to become a new person.
Be careful when you eat this,
and never go to places like that.
Why aren't you eating?
I didn't intend to,
but I hid my identity...
and caused trouble.
I'm happy.
You're so funny.
Let me feed you.
Here.
I'm here because the chairman summoned me.
- He kicked out Hyuk a minute ago. - What?
Hyuk was kicked out stark naked.
The atmosphere is pretty serious.
So do...
whatever he wants you to do.
Do you understand?
Stop that.
Did the world end?
How could you do this?
Do you want him to starve...
when he doesn't have any money?
You're so ignorant. How could you kick out...
your fully grown son stark naked?
My poor child.
Where did he go?
You wanted me to help him.
What are you talking about?
He'll fly if he has wings.
I don't think he's a phoenix,
but to know whether he's an eaglet or a chick,
we must throw him down first.
Mr. Chairman. You have a visitor.
Don't you agree?
Does he have something in mind?
Can you think of any place...
that Hyuk might have headed?
No, I'll find out as soon as I leave you.
Track down his whereabouts and report to me regularly...
from now on.
I don't know what you mean.
Stay near him.
Find out what he's up to and what he thinks about.
Then report to me in detail.
What does he have in mind?
He must want this matter...
to slip as quiet as possible.
If he wanted that,
he would've made Hyuk a scapegoat.
Why did he have to protect Hyuk...
risking the criticism of the public?
Of course, there are critical opinions,
but the victim stepped out to explain the situation.
So I guess the public won't be so critical about this anymore.
People don't want the truth.
They want a bad person to be punished.
So whether he's really bad or not isn't important.
What I want to know is...
the reason why he chose to protect Hyuk instead of the company.
What's his plan?
Are you telling me to watch him by any chance?
I just want to know about him.
So report to me directly regarding his issues...
from now on.
You'll report to me first...
before you do to my dad, right?
Don't pass through anyone, and report directly to me.
Let's filter what to report to him.
Yes, sir.
Be careful not to cause any commotion.
June.
How was I today? I looked great on TV, right?
"Byun Hyuk stepped confidently in the prosecutors' office..."
"to reveal the truth."
Wasn't I cool?
Did you confess to look cool?
I did.
You went there because you did wrong. It's only natural.
Many people can't do what's natural.
Can't you trust my sincerity?
I'm not the old Byun Hyuk anymore.
I've changed.
So what does it have to do with me?
What do you mean?
Didn't you read my letter?
"I hope that you will speak my name, one right for my color and perfume."
"I long to go to..."
That's enough.
I need to go work part-time, so go home alone.
What?
I don't know how you'll take this,
but I don't have a transportation fee.
Here.
It must be hard to work.
Stay low for them when it's windy,
and get rained for them when it's rainy.
In order not to bother those who are up high,
that's the safest.
I picked him up wandering around on a street.
I sent him to your house, so take care of him yourself.
Why this...
I need to go now.
Behave well.
Dad, I'll deal with it myself.
Okay.
I'm back...
to my longing paradise.
When will June come back?
What a peculiar taste of yours.
Where on earth did you buy those clothes?
Where I got them isn't important.
They look expensive on me.
Thank you for what you did earlier.
I didn't do it for you.
I only told the truth.
Right?
There was severe turbulence at that time.
Still, it's a fact that I was sexually harassed.
You're right.
That's a fact.
But...
I didn't think it was that horrible for you to be criticized like that.
And June advised me on that too.
June?
Did she say something to you?
Whether you choose to testify or not,
it's up to you.
But shouldn't you go say it honestly...
about why it happened that day?
June said that to you?
For me?
What I was really displeased with was...
your rude attitude.
You tried to settle it with money instead of apologizing sincerely.
What else did she say?
Didn't she have any other worries about me?
Please.
Tell me even the slightest thing...
that you remember.
Are you seriously not a pervert?
What?
No, you're mistaken.
I don't know why this keeps happening,
but I'm truly sorry. This is just another misunderstanding.
Please don't tell June about this.
Gosh, why this...
Oh, gosh.
Hello, ma'am.
Ma'am?
Whose mom is she?
Of course, she's June's mom.
I see.
Did she run out of money again?
Money?
She snatches money from June whenever she saves some.
Then she comes and snatches again.
I mean, why would she take away money from her child?
Exactly.
Don't tell June that I told this to you.
Let's keep my mistake and yours in secret together.
- Deal. - Deal.
She took away money from June?
(June's Chauffeur Service)
Hey.
Who told you to stick this trash in here?
Gosh, it's so annoying.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, sir.
- Move. - I'm sorry.
Don't do things to be sorry about in the first place.
June, your mom's here.
You're late.
(Seasoned bean sprouts)
(Kimchi)
You should've called me if you ran out of side dishes.
Your fridge had nothing...
but instant food.
I told you I can't give you that money.
I didn't come here for money.
I came here to see your face.
Why are you doing this to me?
It's not like you left me money.
It's not like I borrowed money from you either.
Why do you visit me and ask for money all the time?
Have dinner. I made your favorite potato soup.
It's driving me crazy whenever you do this.
Do you know that?
I never asked for your help in school.
Even after I graduated high school,
I did everything on my own.
What did you do for me that you're being like this?
Why do you always appear shamelessly...
and ask me for money?
I know too well that it's too much for me...
to wish for a parent whom I can rely on.
So please, don't wish for anything from me.
Please stop it now.
Have dinner.
Let's eat first. I'm hungry too.
I'm sorry.
It's because I'm incompetent.
I...
I don't have 10,000 dollars.
Okay, I get it.
So eat first.
Here.
What are you doing here?
Sit.
Why were you there?
Why do you keep sneaking around in front of June's house?
Please give me a moment.
Je Hoon, do you have 10,000 dollars by any chance?
What are you talking about all of a sudden?
You know... Actually...
June's mom came to see her.
June is crying now.
Not because of a million or 100,000 dollars.
Because of mere 10,000 dollars.
You...
You think you're in position to worry about her...
when you got kicked out of your house empty-handed?
No, it's not time to worry about myself.
I'm sure my mom will persuade my dad in about 2 to 3 days,
and my dad won't be angry anymore.
Then...
I'll naturally return to my house.
No,
that's too short of a time.
Five days?
A week, perhaps?
You can't even support yourself, and you think 10,000 dollars is mere?
Don't make me laugh.
June is crying now.
Can't you do something?
If you're that worried, find out a way yourself.
What a cold-hearted punk.
I mean, June is crying.
(Savings Account)
(3,150 dollars)
Mom, how can you not have 10,000 dollars?
Come on. I really need that money.
I need it right now.
It's your dad's order not to give you even a penny.
Mom.
You think he closed only your account?
My account is closed too for the time being.
He changed the passwords of his vaults.
He said he'll check every single detail of my credit card usage.
If you don't want me to get divorced,
hang up.
Goodness.
Se Na, it's me. Can you send me 10,000 dollars?
You heard everything from Mom just now.
Can't you realize the situation?
Dad said he'll kick me out too...
if I give you at least a penny.
If you don't want to see Mom get divorced and me get kicked out,
come to your senses, please.
Is this real?
Well?
What's so great about mere 10,000 dollars...
that you're all being like this?
It may be mere 10,000 dollars for you,
but for some people, it takes longer than a year to save that much.
Do you really not have 10,000 dollars?
I barely managed to get your phone.
Consider yourself lucky.
He's so cold-hearted.
(Hong Chae Ri)
Hyuk, I saw the news. You're so photogenic.
Why is she bothering me again?
Hyuk.
Hyuk, it's me.
Why is your face so drawn?
Do you know how worried I was when I lost contact with you?
Yes.
Let's make this short. Can I ask you a favor?
Tell me.
Can you lend me 10,000 dollars?
I need it urgently. Lend me 10,000 dollars.
I know you're mad at me,
but that day was a misunderstanding.
I forgot about that day.
I don't have anything to be mad at you. Just lend me 10,000 dollars.
Wait a minute.
Even if you're mad at me,
how could you ask me to break up with you this dirtily?
What are you talking about?
We already broke up.
When? When did we break up?
I never broke up with you.
Chae Ri.
Chae Ri!
Even if this situation happened, you can't behave like this.
I'm friends with Sung Kyu.
Does he know that you're behaving like this?
Nothing happened between us.
What happened that day was a misunderstanding.
Didn't I buy you that bag?
I remember that being over 10,000 dollars.
If you don't want to lend me money, just give that bag back to me.
You're crazy.
You're not in a good condition right now.
Call me when you're not mad at me anymore.
You can't behave like this just because you're mad at me.
I was so close.
Did I do a good job?
(Monthly payment of 150 dollars)
Do you want to cancel when it will mature next month?
If you cancel, you'll receive low interest and it will be a loss.
It's not a lot of money anyway.
- Just cancel it for me. - Okay.
Woo Sung.
Hyuk.
- Are you okay? - It's not that bad.
I had an appointment for lunch,
but I'll cancel. Let's have lunch.
It's okay. You don't have to buy me lunch.
I actually have a favor to ask.
Can you give me 10,000 dollars?
I only have 3 dollars. Can you give me 10?
I'm going to give it to my mom.
- Okay. - Thank you.
- Here. - Here's the money.
- Thanks. I hope the best for you. - Visit us again.
Actually, I started having feelings for a girl.
I'm back.
That girl is crying because of 10,000 dollars. It's not even a lot.
That's not even a lot of money.
The only thing I can do for her,
is give her money.
I don't want to see her cry.
Can you give me that money?
Make sure you eat well.
I received the money safely from the guy who lives downstairs.
Thank you, I'll use it well.
(Mom)
Pick it up.
Mom, pick it up.
(My Daughter)
Please pick it up.
Just pick it up.
The receiver cannot pick up your call.
What's wrong?
June. Why are you here?
June, what's wrong?
Do you think I'm a joke?
Won't you take me seriously?
You want to become a new person?
You want me to trust you since you changed?
That's ridiculous.
You didn't change at all.
You're just an annoying and frustrating...
third-generation conglomerate to the bone.
She's crying.
I don't want to see her cry anymore.
I just want to see her smile.
What went wrong?
Don't you ever appear...
in front of me again.
What should I do now?
(Revolutionary Love)
How is Hyuk these days?
You all saw me getting kicked out stark naked.
I need money. I need to earn money.
- I approve. - I also approve.
- Me too. - What? Hyuk's at the company?
- This isn't right. - He likes you.
What do you mean?
Do you even clean now?
Why are you choosing to do hard work?
How will I repay all that money?
I want to buy this. How can I do that?
He's going after a girl. He hasn't come back to his senses yet.
Is he dating someone knew?
You punk, what are you doing here?
Get him!